I am manufacturer and I make & sell parts to distributors. Distributor sells some of the parts. Dist. can see inventory(of each part). When only 10 are left in inventory, dist. will place an order to manufacturer. Manu. completes the order. Dist. can also see a monthly chart(date-range-> quantity Vs. sales per part(tool name)). Manu. creates a new part which should reflect in dist. as 0, and manu. can send notification to all dist. informing that I have a new part. Each product has a price per piece. When dist. sells it, dist. is going to get points(for every 1000 Rs. 1 point). Dist. can also see total points, points achieved in a specified date-range. Like a reward system. There is some merchandise for certain points. Dist. can redeem merchandise based on the points. Manu. will go and buy that merchandise and give it to dist. and then update the status of the redeem request as completed. Manu. can see reports of everything- which are fast moving products(top 10), top 10 revenue generating distributors, which dist. has which product, has how many points and has redeemed what merchandise. These reports are total. Saglya dist. chya Customers cha data manufacturer la disla pahije. Pan customer cha swatahacha kahi kaam nahiye hya project madhe. Dist. will be able to see sales for each customer and that data will also be visible to manu. Dist. will be registering customers first and then add the sales for that customer. 

Plan, screens, schema, trello(TODAY). Deadline-18th June.

19-20-21 L3

when there is a situation manufacturer adds products, manufacturer adds, updates, views and deletes Distributors. Manufacturer can add merchandise and its points for rewards. Manufacturer can View Distributor wise Customers. Manufacturer can View reports of Top 10 revenue generating distributors and top 10 fast moving products, which distributor has which product, which distributor has redeemed which merchandise. A distributor can see those available products and place order for them. Distributor can add, update, view, delete customers. Distributor can place customer's orders. Distributor can view report of quantity sold vs. products, which product has been sold the most, which customer has bought which product. Distributor can view the orders placed by customers. Distributor can view merchandise and redeem it according to the points that he gains after every sale(order). Distributor gets 1 point for a sale of 1000 rupees. and These points can be redeemed to buy the merchandise from the manufacturer. There must a user table which has role_id. Role_id belongs to role table which separates the 3 user-roles(manufacturer, distributor and customer). Sales of each product should be visible to manufacturer and distributor. Manufacturer will see the sales of products given to distributor and Distributor will see the sales of products given to customer. Purchase history should be maintained for distributor and customer. Manufacturer lists products & rewards(merchandise) for distributors. Manufacture send a NOTIFICATION to distributor whenever a new product is added. This new product should show quantity and price as 0 on distributor's dashboard initially, as he has not ordered it yet. Distributors buy products from manufacturer and list them for customers. When distributor selles products to customers, the distributor gains points as a reward (1 point for a sale of 1000 rupees). Distributor redeems merchandise based on these points. Distributor can see his redeemed rewards requests and their status. Manufacturer can see the orders placed by the distributors & customers. The distributors can see the orders placed by customers. All the respective sales will be available in the form of report to manufacturer and distributors. Everywhere, purchase history is maintained. Notifications are sent by Manufacturer to distributor mentioning the newly added product.